[KEIICHI grunts]
[splatters]
[yawns]
Huh?
[RENA hums]
Is there something wrong?
Oh, no.
Everything's fine! Ni‐pa!
[AIKO] Ever since
we moved to Hinamizawa,
you haven't skipped
a single breakfast.
I'm so proud of you.
[AIKO] Ah. Won't Rena be out
there waiting for you by now?
Thanks for breakfast!
Have a good day!
Yay, you're here!
Good morning, Keiichi!
You don't always have
to get here so early.
It's okay to sleep
in now and then.
Well, I wouldn't wanna
make you wait for me.
[KEIICHI]
Who said I would?
Ah?!
But I wait for you every day!
I know you do,
but I'd still ditch you.
Jeez, you're always
so mean to me, always!
Kidding. I would
never leave you.
Ah! Oh. Thanks, Keiichi.
No matter how long it
took for you to show up.
I'd be waiting.
Huh? Really?
No matter how long...?
Awww.
Ah. They're here.
Hey! Get a move on!
Like you don't make people
wait for you all the time!
Hey, Mion!
Sorry we took so long!
[MION] Mornin',
Rena, and look who it is!
Haven't seen you in years.
How long's it been, Kei?
[KEIICHI]
Only two days, ya goofball.
[laughs]
Well, it seemed longer.
Anyway, did you get
to have fun back home?
I was there for a funeral,
not a vacation.
I had no free time, so...
Oh yeah!
That board game catalog.
You remembered
to find it, didn't you?
[KEIICHI] Hey,
were you even listening to me?
Which part of "no free time"
did you not understand?
‐‐[MION] Awww!
‐‐[RENA giggles]
[MION]
Oh?!
Oh, I see.
[laughs]
[KEIICHI]
Hmph.
So you're gonna put
my skills to the test, huh?
What skills? I don't get it.
It must have been her.
Stay back!
Huh? By her you mean...
[KEIICHI]
Look!
You're not even trying
to hide it, Satoko Hojo!
Ah. So I
guess the game is on today.
And just you wait.
We both know there's
more to it than that.
This little trick
is nothing for her.
It's just a dusty
old blackboard eraser, right?
It's not full
of rocks or anything.
Yeah, no way that
thing leaves a mark
like the one she hit you with
your first day of school here.
Well, since you noticed it,
you could just open the door
and just let it drop, right?
Of course, and that's
what she wants me to do!
The eraser is a red herring!
Observe!
And that's the trap.
[KEIICHI]
Hmph.
[cries out]
Ow.
[SATOKO]
Now what have we here?
You're off to an early start,
aren't you, Keiichi?
How long can you
keep up the pace?
[KEIICHI]
I have to admit, Satoko,
you really put a lot of
thought into that setup.
And what setup would that be?
I'm afraid I don't follow.
Why, you little...!
May all of your
pain fade gently away.
Awoo. It's so nice
to see you, Rika!
A good morning to you too, Rena.
And to all of
my other friends as well!
[KEIICHI] You're always
such a sweetheart, Rika.
Unlike someone else I know.
What you're saying is slander.
You haven't proved a thing.
Don't you lie!
This finger can split
a plywood board in half!
You brute!
What kind of monster
threatens a little girl?
Easy. I was kidding!
Come on!
[sobs]
There, there. Don't cry, Satoko!
You gave it all you had!
And next time,
I know you'll come up
with a trap so perfect
that even Keiichi
won't see it coming! Ni‐pa!
Don't encourage her.
Awoo! Look at Satoko crying.
She's so kyute, I wanna
take her home with me!
Please don't do that.
I'm really sorry about cuttin'
into your Sunday like this, Kei.
Hey, don't apologize for giving
me a free tour of Hinamizawa.
Honestly, I should be
paying you for your time.
By the way, have you
seen Rena around?
It's not like her
to be this late.
She said she wanted
to make you lunch,
so I bet she's
going full throttle
in the kitchen right now.
Although, let's hope not.
[RENA]
Sorry I'm late!
[MION]
You really gonna make her carry
all that food she made for you?
That's a good point.
I'll take care of this,
because I'm a man!
Uh. Wait, what are you
going to take care of?
What is it?
[RENA]
Isn't it beautiful?
This is the Furude Shrine!
[MION] They're gonna be holding
a big festival here next Sunday.
What, already?
It seems kind of early
for a summer festival.
Yeah, but the Watanagashi
festival is really
to celebrate the end of winter.
Please enjoy, everyone!
Hey. You'd better
clear your plate.
Don't even think
about making Rena cry.
[KEIICHI]
Mm!
I'll do my best,
because I am a man!
But that's a whole lotta food.
[SATOKO] And what do
you all think you're doing?
‐‐Huh?
Hello, everybody!
[KEIICHI]
Hmm?
We were just about to
dig into this delicious meal
that Rena made.
Yes, I understand what
a picnic is, thank you!
What I don't get
is why you think
you can have
one on our property!
Actually, I know
we can have one here.
Shrines are public places.
Well, Keiichi
is right about that.
Anybody can have a picnic here.
[KEIICHI]
Hmm?
Honestly,
isn't Rika the sweetest?
Have a seat.
You can eat too!
Thank you all very much!
You ungrateful peasant!
Would you honestly
have me eat standing up?
Hey, I don't think anybody
said we were gonna feed you.
It's okay, Satoko.
Feel free to sit down
anywhere you'd like.
Nope! We're about to run out.
[cries] Rika!
Here are your chopsticks!
Honestly, Kei.
How do you rope people
into things like that?
The rest of us will need
to pick up the pace,
or else these two are going
to finish the whole basket!
Yeah, you sure got that right!
Us old farts are gonna
have to get in quick!
[KEIICHI]
Gotcha!
Hey, elbows are illegal!
[SATOKO snickers]
[laughs]
Good effort, but this
Hamburg steak is mine!
It's not over, Satoko Hojo!
Ah! You took all the meatballs!
No, they're right
here in my mouth,
plump and seasoned
to perfection!
Is that so?
Then this one is mine!
The perfect tamagoyaki!
[KEIICHI]
But honestly,
everything Rena
makes is perfect!
[SATOKO]
This is so good!
[RIKA]
It's delicious!
[KEIICHI]
This is the best.
[laughter]
Bye, guys!
I'll see ya tomorrow.
[KEIICHI] Thanks for
showing me around today.
[RENA]
Bye, Mion!
Thank you for hanging out
with me, today.
Did you have fun?
[KEIICHI]
Yeah, it was great!
I'm kinda bummed
we're all going home now.
Well, if you don't mind,
could we make a
quick stop, could we?
Sure, but where?
[RENA hums]
[cicadas cry]
[RENA] Ahhh! What are we gonna
find; what are we gonna find?!
Oop! Oof! Oh! Oof!
[sighs] So you wanted to
come play on a pile of trash?
[RENA]
It's not trash!
To me it's a big mountain
of lost treasure!
Oh my gosh.
I hope I find something kyute.
My heart is going
all pitter‐pattery!
[KEIICHI]
Hey, wait a sec!
[RENA] It's okay, Keiichi,
you can just wait there!
[KEIICHI]
Come on.
[gasps]
Whoa, you scared
me there, buddy.
[KEIICHI]
What? You scared me!
My bad.
It wasn't my intention
to spook you.
So you live here in Hinamizawa?
The name is Tomitake.
I'm a freelance photographer.
I like to come and
visit here now and then.
There's just so much natural
beauty to capture out here.
If it's your job,
you should know better than
to take someone's picture
without their permission, right?
Oh, no, I'm actually just here
to take pictures of birds.
They never seem
to mind being on film.
[laughs]
[RENA]
Hey, Keiichi!
Sorry to keep you
waiting up there.
I'm ready to go
whenever you are!
[TOMITAKE] So you came out
here with a friend.
Any idea why she'd wanna
hang out in a place like this?
Not really.
Maybe she's here
looking for pieces
of a dismembered corpse
or something like that.
Uh. Heh. Just kidding,
I have no clue.
It really was awful.
Rumor is, there's still
an arm missing.
[gasps]
[cicadas cry]
Hold on. Was there‐‐
Ahhh... I'm done.
Thanks for waiting!
Sorry for taking so long.
Good evening.
Evening. Well then,
I wouldn't want to impose,
so I'll be on my way.
I'm sorry for the unwelcome
surprise, Keiichi.
You okay?
Uh! Uh, so...
Did you find some
buried treasure?
Mm. There's a Kenta‐kun
statue in there!
Kenta‐kun. Hey, wait.
The guy in
the white suit you see
in front of that place
with the fried chicken buckets?
Yeah, exactly! Awoo! So kyute!
I wanna take him home!
[KEIICHI] Hm?
You probably can if you want.
He is in the garbage.
[RENA sighs]
I know, and I'd really like to,
but he's all the way
at the bottom of the pile,
and it's gonna be
dark pretty soon.
Let's come back and
dig him out together sometime.
I feel like I owe you one
for that awesome lunch you made.
Huh...? Thank you!
I'm so glad you're
gonna be helping me out.
I'm really gonna get
to take Kenta‐kun home with me!
Awoo!
It really was awful.
[KEIICHI]
Hey, Rena.
Was there some big incident
in town a while back?
They were making plans
to build a dam around here.
Awoo!
Did something bad happen?
Like at the building site.
Maybe an accident, or‐‐
I don't know.
[RENA] 'Cause it was
such a long time ago.
I've only been in
Hinamizawa for a year.
[KEIICHI] Hmm? That means
you're a new transfer like me.
I never knew.
Uh‐huh.
And I don't really know
about stuff before that.
Sorry!
[KEIICHI]
Huh...
[MION]
All right!
Despite his dismal placement,
our latest applicant
showed great promise
during his evaluation game.
So I, Mion Sonozaki, now proudly
welcome our newest member.
Keiichi Maebara!
[KEIICHI]
Hmm.
So, you ready to face the music?
[KEIICHI]
Now, hold on.
Do all of you realize
how badly you embarrassed me
after that ridiculous card game
you had me play last time?
You did lose,
so there was a penalty.
Penalty?
Don't try to
play it off like that!
Mion!
You snuck a torture
device into the school.
You completely ruined my face!
Torture device,
meaning this here?
Exactly right!
Don't you dare laugh, either!
Making me explain to Mom
why I'm washing permanent
marker off my face
should definitely count
as a form of torture!
There's no need
for melodrama, Keiichi.
[RIKA]
There, there, poor Keiichi.
Well, what's the
game gonna be today?
More Old Geezer, or are
we moving on to Millionaire?
I don't think you're
ready to play cards
with the grown‐ups yet.
Instead of that,
how about a scavenger hunt?
[KEIICHI]
Hmm...
Down here?
Come on already.
Where did Mion hide the thing?
I'm gonna go hide this marker
somewhere here in
the school building.
Whichever one of you manages
to get hold of it wins the game.
Whatcha think? Sound good?
I guess that means
you're not gonna play.
How will the penalty game work?
I made a special rule
that if you're the winner,
I'll be the one
to pay the penalty.
Then, you can take this sucker
and draw whatever you like,
all over my face.
Just stay cool.
You can do this, Keiichi!
I know Mion would hide it
where I'd be the least
likely to reach it first.
Since I'm the new guy,
I'm betting she put it someplace
nobody's told me about.
[gasps]
Rena?
Keiichi.
I'm guessing you don't plan
on letting me win, do you?
As a club member, I can't.
That's rule number two.
"Do all you can
to claim victory!"
‐‐Excuse me!
‐‐Beg your pardon!
I don't think so!
Well, it would seem victory
is mine, eh, Rika?
You were up against
my traps, after all.
No shame in losing to the best!
[chortles]
Satoko. Don't be a sore winner.
It doesn't bother me at all.
That's just how it is
when you lose the game!
I even got you a present
to celebrate your victory!
I knew you would
understand, Rika!
Congratulations, Satoko! Ni‐pa!
Ahh...
[cries out]
[SATOKO] Wha‐‐ I don't
even know what happened!
Look in a mirror.
You'll see.
Ahh! There's ink on me!
I wanted to bring
a secret weapon,
so I would have a good way
to counter all of
your traps. Ni‐pa!
It's fine. There's
no shame in losing to Rika.
Hm? Rena?
[RENA] Sorry, I didn't realize
how tired I was getting.
Too much fun I guess.
[KEIICHI]
You okay?
I'm gonna stop in the
nurse's office before I leave.
But Kenta‐kun...
No need to worry about that,
we'll go deal with him
whenever you're feeling better.
And I suppose I'd
better go wash my face.
I'd be mortified if anyone
were to see me
like this out in public.
That's two gone.
Guess we're done.
[MION]
A Kenta‐kun statue?
Yeah, I can definitely
see Rena wanting that.
[KEIICHI]
Hey, Mion.
I heard about the dam
they were gonna build.
Did something happen
at the construction site?
[MION]
Oh yeah, it was like a warzone.
The villagers staged
all kinds of protests
and sit‐ins and stuff.
It was a big deal.
Well, all of your homes
were gonna end up underwater.
I can see why.
The government was dead set
on pushing it through.
They realized they
couldn't buy us off.
Then things really got ugly.
And you guys still won.
That's pretty impressive.
[MION]
The mayor of the town
and the village leaders
brought petitions to Tokyo.
They made a bunch of deals
with all the political types.
So in the end,
construction was cancelled.
And that's how Hinamizawa
beat the national government.
[chuckles]
And it was all peaceful,
beginning to end.
Nobody was assaulted? Or killed?
No one.
[gasps]
See ya tomorrow!
Huh? There she is.
Hey! Rena! Workin' up a sweat?
[RENA]
Keiichi? Why are you here?
I received word of an emergency
and came as soon as I could!
Now take me to
the man who was trapped!
[RENA] Huh?
Wait. Someone was trapped?
Where?
[KEIICHI] Yes, reports
describe a Kenta‐kun statue
buried deep inside
this garbage heap!
Huh? Aww, come on.
I thought you
were being serious!
[KEIICHI laughs]
I'm just goofin' around.
I promised I'd help, remember?
Huh?! You came for me?
Awoo!
[KEIICHI]
So, where is that Kenta‐kun at?
Uhh... This way!
Right here,
under all this stuff.
[KEIICHI]
Hmm?
Were you really planning
to try and dig him out
from under all that yourself?
Here, move over.
[KEIICHI pants]
Man, an axe or a
saw would be a big help.
We don't need
to do it right now!
[KEIICHI]
Don't worry!
It's fine, I wanna do this.
But I could use a break first.
Uh. Hold on,
I'll run home real quick
and grab some cold barley tea!
My house is super close by!
Just sit tight, okay!
Rumor is, there's
still an arm missing.
Hinamizawa.
Dam construction site.
Worker lynched, murdered,
and... dismembered?!
Then what he said...
It's true!